Add release notes page on startup (#3657)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer/release-notes.md

- **Open the table:** Right-click a filtered jobs profile and select **Show as Table**.

![3.1-jobs-table-1](./resources/release-notes/3.1-jobs-table-1.png)

- **Features:** Reorder columns, filter and sort on columns, choose visible columns, and select multiple jobs for bulk cancel, delete, or download.
- **Row actions:** Right-click a job to:
  - View JCL (opens as an unsaved editor file)
  - Open the job in the Jobs tree
  - Copy job info as JSON

![3.1-jobs-table-2](./resources/release-notes/3.1-jobs-table-2.png)

### Search data sets

Data sets can now be searched for a string, similar to ISPF's `SRCHFOR`.

- **Search options:**

  - Right-click a profile: **Search filtered data sets**
  - Right-click a PDS: **Search PDS members**
  - Also available for a PDS in the Favorites tree

- **How it works:**
  - Enter search string in the input field at the top.
  - If searching more than 50 members, a prompt displays to confirm or cancel.
  - Progress is shown in the status bar.
  - Results appear in the `Zowe Resources` panel, where files can be bulk opened.

![3.1-search-1](./resources/release-notes/3.1-search-1.png)

### Integrated terminal

> The integrated terminal connects to the mainframe via SSH for MVS, TSO, or USS commands. Multiple sessions are supported. Currently it is disabled by default due to being new and having some bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integrated terminal connects to the mainframe via SSH for MVS, TSO, or USS commands. Multiple sessions are supported. Currently  disabled by default as further development is actively ongoing.
```

- **Enable:** Go to Zowe Explorer settings and check **Use Integrated Terminals**.

> - **Open:** Right-click a profile in Data Sets, USS, or Jobs and select an **Issue x Command** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Open:** Right-click a profile in Data Sets, USS, or Jobs tree and select an **Issue x Command** option.
```
